docs: add connection logs page (#18739)
coder/coder: docs/admin/security/connection-logs.md

# Connection Logs

> Connection Logs allows **Auditors** to monitor workspace agent connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Connection Logs page in the dashboard allows **Auditors** to monitor workspace agent connections.
```

## Workspace app connections

The connection log contains a complete record of all **workspace app** connections.
These originate from within the Coder deployment, and thus the connection log
is a source of truth for these events.

## Browser port forwarding

The connection log contains a complete record of all workspace port forwarding
performed via the web dashboard.

## SSH & IDE sessions

The connection log aims to capture a record of SSH & IDE sessions to workspaces.
These events are reported by workspace agents, and their receipt by the server
is not guaranteed.

## Filtering logs

Connection logs can be filtered with the following parameters:

- `organization` - The name or ID of the organization of the workspace being
     connected to.
- `workspace_owner` - The username of the owner of the workspace being connected
    to.
- `type` - The type of the connection (i.e. SSH, VSCode, Workspace App).
    An exhaustive list is
    [available here](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/v2/codersdk#ConnectionType).
- `username`: The name of the user who initiated the connection.

> - `user_email`: The email of the user who initiated the connection.

Reviewer: Should note that this is not included for SSH connections

# Connection Logs

The Connection Log page in the dashboard allows **Auditors** to monitor workspace agent connections.

## Workspace app connections

The connection log contains a complete record of all **workspace app** connections.
These originate from within the Coder deployment, and thus the connection log
is a source of truth for these events.

## Browser port forwarding

The connection log contains a complete record of all workspace port forwarding
performed via the web dashboard.

## SSH & IDE sessions

The connection log aims to capture a record of SSH & IDE sessions to workspaces.
These events are reported by workspace agents, and their receipt by the server
is not guaranteed.

> ## Filtering logs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to Filter Connection Logs
```

for the searches

Connection logs can be filtered with the following parameters:

- `organization` - The name or ID of the organization of the workspace being
     connected to.
- `workspace_owner` - The username of the owner of the workspace being connected
    to.

> - `type` - The type of the connection (i.e. SSH, VSCode, Workspace App).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `type` - The type of the connection, such as SSH, VS Code, or workspace app.
```

>     An exhaustive list is
>     [available here](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/v2/codersdk#ConnectionType).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For more connection types, consult the
    [codersdk package](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/coder/coder/v2/codersdk#ConnectionType)
    page in the Go database.
```

I'm not 100% on this one's wording, but basically the link text should be descriptive

> - `username`: The name of the user who initiated the connection. Results will
>    not include SSH & IDE sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `username`: The name of the user who initiated the connection.
   Results will not include SSH or IDE sessions.
```

- `user_email`: The email of the user who initiated the connection. Results will
   not include SSH & IDE sessions.

> - `started_after`: The time after which the connection started. Uses the RFC3339Nano format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `started_after`: The time after which the connection started.
   Uses the RFC3339Nano format.
```

> - `started_before`: The time before which the connection started. Uses the RFC3339Nano format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `started_before`: The time before which the connection started.
   Uses the RFC3339Nano format.
```

- `workspace_id`: The ID of the workspace being connected to.
- `connection_id`: The ID of the connection.
- `status`: The status of the connection, either `ongoing` or `completed`.
     Some events are neither ongoing nor completed, such as the opening of a
     workspace app.

## Capturing/Exporting Connection Logs

> In addition to the user interface, there are multiple ways to consume or query

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the Coder dashboard, there are multiple ways to consume or query
```

connection events.

> ## REST API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### REST API
```

it's one of the ways

> Connection logs can be retrieved via our REST API. You can find detailed
> information about this in our
> [endpoint documentation](../../reference/api/enterprise.md#get-connection-logs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can retrieve connection logs via the Coder API.

Visit the
[`get-connection-logs` endpoint documentation](../../reference/api/enterprise.md#get-connection-logs)
for details.
```

I think we call it the `Coder API` more than `REST API` - the heading title can probably stay though

        "WorkspaceName": "dev",
        "AgentName": "main",
        "Type": "ssh",
        "Code": null,
        "Ip": "fd7a:115c:a1e0:4afd:8ffb:2fc9:4b5:da61",
        "UserAgent": "",
        "UserID": null,
        "SlugOrPort": "",
        "ConnectionID": "dcfe943f-2afb-4e3f-8f00-3eb1718a3f8b",
        "CloseReason": "",
        "ConnectionStatus": "connected"
    }
}
```

Example of a [human readable](../../reference/cli/server.md#--log-human)
connection log entry, when `code-server` is opened:

```console
[API] 2025-07-03 06:57:16.157 [info]  coderd: connection_log  request_id=de3f6004-6cc1-4880-a296-d7c6ca1abf75  ID=f0249951-d454-48f6-9504-e73340fa07b7  Time="2025-07-03T06:57:16.144719Z"  OrganizationID=0665a54f-0b77-4a58-94aa-59646fa38a74  WorkspaceOwnerID=6dea5f8c-ecec-4cf0-a5bd-bc2c63af2efa  WorkspaceID=3c0b37c8-e58c-4980-b9a1-2732410480a5  WorkspaceName=dev  AgentName=main  Type=workspace_app  Code=200  Ip=127.0.0.1  UserAgent="Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/100.0.4896.127 Safari/537.36"  UserID=6dea5f8c-ecec-4cf0-a5bd-bc2c63af2efa  SlugOrPort=code-server  ConnectionID=<nil>  CloseReason=""  ConnectionStatus=connected
```

> ## Enabling this feature

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to Enable Connection Logs
```

> This feature is only available with a premium license.

Author: Yep

> This feature is only available with a premium license.

Author: Should we maybe just get rid of this section, since we already have the `[!NOTE]` at the top?
(Same deal for the audit log page in the second PR)
